# Gamefication
##Project description. 
Even in despite of the grouth of digitalisation in the modern society in all its spheres, e.g. social games and timespending with friends there are some activities, that are not fully available in the world of computer and mobile games. Very few children, young peope and even less of elder ones would give preference to playing desktop and card games in digital world, against the real one. Ok, the appearence and popularity of online card games, such as Hearthstone is incredible, but many aspects its' popularity are easily explained by the existance of the free niche. The innovative approach to such games and the quality requipments on the one hand, lead Blizzard to less often relases of patches and slow content appearence on the other one. And thees aspects lagerly "make" such type of games in reality. 
So what's about the table games, they are presented in mobile markets, but their diversity is often depressing.  
The main idea of our project is to create a universal platform for bringing table and card games to the digital world without any loss of sincere feelings, obtained while playing with your friends in real life.  
For players this means the ability to play in any of available games, using any of your devices (mobile or desktop ones) as the "deck" (some kind of a remote) and another one (desktop monitor, TV display, tablet, or another phone) as a playing field. This oppotunity will help friends, playing together in real life to interact each other, without  always staring in their phones by bringing the common field for watching at and discussion. This ability is irreplaceable while playing such games, as Activity, Uno, Monopoly e.t.c. 
The functional of "playing board" is usefull when you want to play from home with other people from all over the world and watch at the "picture of a battle" on the big screen of your TV by streaming the image through the Chromecast e.g., or just watching at tournaments or other matches. 
Also if you don't have enougth players in your team, you can find the missing ones in our ladder, or being the solo player, you can easily find a team for your favoirite game. 
The addition of card games can attract the large fan society of them by bringing the ability to bring your own content in them by suggesting the idea on forums and vouting for them. Some games can easily be combined with some kind of unified communication, e.g. Skype or Lync to interact with your friends. 
The fairness of every game is guaranteed by the artifician intelligence and the proceccing of all data on the server side of our platform.  
For developers our sollution brings the ability to deploy their games on our cloud platform and to get a large ammount of players, flexible API for ratings and voting. 
On the moment of its release, our platform will support our developed games, such as Activity, SeaBattles and Card Game.  
The cloud server side of the platform helps it to be flexible, always available and close to the customer with the help of CDNs 
